Draft doc for Pausing and Resuming Crawl section (#2639)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/running-crawl.md

Unlike exclusions, this change will not be applied to future workflow runs.

## Pausing and Resuming Crawls

If you need to pause your crawl at any point after it has started, whether to reassess, rescope, or for any other reason, you now have the option to do so.

Pausing a crawl will halt the timer and prevent any increase in the number of pages crawled or the overall size. Your Status will change from Running to Pausing to eventually Paused to signify that the crawler is no longer crawling.

When you're ready to resume, simply click the resume button. Your status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again.

> NOTE: While your crawl is paused, you are unable to replay the crawl until it is completed.

Reviewer: FYI while this is in draft: you can use one of the admonitions documented here: https://docs.browsertrix.com/develop/docs/#admonitions

Author: I was looking for that! ty ty

Unlike exclusions, this change will not be applied to future workflow runs.

## Pausing and Resuming Crawls

If you need to pause your crawl at any point after it has started, whether to reassess, rescope, or for any other reason, you now have the option to do so.

> Pausing a crawl will halt the timer and prevent any increase in the number of pages crawled or the overall size. Your Status will change from Running to Pausing to eventually Paused to signify that the crawler is no longer crawling.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pausing a crawl will halt the timer and prevent any increase in the number of pages crawled or the overall size. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing to eventually Paused to signify that the crawler is no longer crawling.
```

> When you're ready to resume, simply click the resume button. Your status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you're ready to resume, simply click the Resume button. Your status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again.
```

???+ Note
    While your crawl is paused, you are unable to replay the crawl until it is completed.

> 

Reviewer 3: We can replay paused crawls now! Which is very exciting :)

Reviewer 3: Or does this mean after it's resumed?

Author: Ooo we can replay when it's paused now!? woot. OK updating :)

Unlike exclusions, this change will not be applied to future workflow runs.

## Pausing and Resuming Crawls

> To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.
```

Unlike exclusions, this change will not be applied to future workflow runs.

## Pausing and Resuming Crawls

> If you need to pause your crawl at any point after it has started, whether to reassess, rescope, or for any other reason, you now have the option to do so.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

We generally try to be [as concise as possible](https://docs.browsertrix.com/develop/docs/#be-concise-avoid-you-statements) in docs and stick to actionable information.

Reviewer: I somewhat disagree with this. Elsewhere in this same user guide we offer guidance on why someone may want to set exclusions, like

> While [exclusions](https://docs.browsertrix.com/user-guide/workflow-setup/#exclude-pages) can be set before running a crawl workflow, sometimes while crawling the crawler may find new parts of the site that weren't previously known about and shouldn't be crawled, or get stuck browsing parts of a website that automatically generate URLs known as ["crawler traps"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spider_trap).

I think we should include a brief description of a pause use case without the "you now have" (which does seem more suited for a topical medium like a blog post) something like:

> If you need to reassess or rescope your crawl at any point after it has started, you can pause the running crawl.

Reviewer 3: That's fair enough! I'm good with adding that back.

Reviewer 3: Added :)

> To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you need to reassess or rescope your crawl at any point after it has started, you can pause the running crawl.

To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.
```

> Pausing a crawl will halt the timer and prevent any increase in the number of pages crawled or the overall size. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing to eventually Paused to signify that the crawler is no longer crawling.

Reviewer: Nit--when referring to a capitalized status like `Running` I would either bold it (`**Running**`) or wrap it in quotes (`“Running”`)

> Pausing a crawl will halt the timer and prevent any increase in the number of pages crawled or the overall size. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing to eventually Paused to signify that the crawler is no longer crawling.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While a crawl is paused, it is possible to replay the pages crawled up to that point and to download the WACZ files from the *Latest Crawl* tab.

```

> While a crawl is paused, it is possible to replay the pages crawled up to that point and to download the WACZ files from the *Latest Crawl* tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.

While a crawl is paused, it is possible to replay the pages crawled up to that point and to download the WACZ files from the *Latest Crawl* tab.
```

> When you're ready to resume, simply click the Resume button. Your status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again.

Reviewer: This may not be documented but generally we have been bolding UI elements, so this would be `click the **Resume** button`.

Reviewer 3: According to the docs, these should be in Italics: https://docs.browsertrix.com/develop/docs/#referencing-features-and-their-options

Reviewer: Oh good catch!

> When you're ready to resume, simply click the Resume button. Your status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To resume a paused crawl, simply click the *Resume* button. The crawl status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again. Any changes to the workflow settings will be applied in the the resumed crawl.
```

???+ Note

>     While your crawl is paused, you can replay and view the data captured so far. However, if the crawl isn’t resumed within 7 days of being paused, it will automatically switch to a stopped state. Once stopped, the crawl is finished and can no longer be resumed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Paused crawls that are not resumed within 7 days of being paused are automatically stopped. Once stopped, the crawl is finished and can no longer be resumed.
```

>     While your crawl is paused, you can replay and view the data captured so far. However, if the crawl isn’t resumed within 7 days of being paused, it will automatically switch to a stopped state. Once stopped, replay functionality will be unavailable until the crawl is fully completed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    While your crawl is paused, you can replay and view the data captured so far. However, if the crawl isn’t resumed within 7 days of being paused, it will automatically switch to a stopped state. Once stopped, the crawl is finished and can no longer be resumed.
```

Unlike exclusions, this change will not be applied to future workflow runs.

## Pausing and Resuming Crawls

If you need to reassess or rescope your crawl at any point after it has started, you can pause the running crawl.

> To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from Running to Pausing as in-progress pages are completed, and then to Paused once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To pause a running crawl, click the *Pause* button. The crawl status will change from *Running* to *Pausing* as in-progress pages are completed, and then to *Paused* once the crawler is successful paused. Paused crawls do not continue to accrue execution time.
```

While a crawl is paused, it is possible to replay the pages crawled up to that point and to download the WACZ files from the *Latest Crawl* tab.

> To resume a paused crawl, simply click the *Resume* button. The crawl status will update from Resuming to Running to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again. Any changes to the workflow settings will be applied in the the resumed crawl.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To resume a paused crawl, simply click the *Resume* button. The crawl status will update from *Resuming* to *Running* to indicate that the crawler has started crawling again. Any changes to the workflow settings will be applied in the the resumed crawl.
```

???+ Note

>     Paused crawls that are not resumed within 7 days of being paused are automatically stopped. Once stopped, the crawl is finished and can no longer be resumed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Paused crawls that are not resumed within 7 days of being paused are automatically updated to *Stopped*. Once stopped, the crawl is finished and can no longer be resumed.
```
